why I think I fight
do I enjoy it no
do I enjoy training no do I enjoy
cutting weight no am I nervous yes do I
think to myself what am I doing yes
completely unfortunately
it's one of those things you're either
born with you're not
and the only way I can explain it to
make it make any sense is that if I'm
not doing something
which is either extremely difficult or
extremely stressful I'm in a Perpetual
state of crippling boredom
I can't explain it I see other people
live their lives and they're like oh I
can't wait for the weekend because I
want to watch this movie
I think who cares about a movie you're
looking forward to the weekend for a
movie looking forward to the weekend to
get drunk like these things to me are so
mundane they mean nothing and if I don't
fight if I'm not in a situation where
I'm stressed or worried or concerned I'm
just perpetually bored and boredom's
crippling if you're an intelligent
person and you've got a good brain on
your shoulders you can't just sit there
bored you know so most smart people take
the academic group to avoid boredom they
learn learn learn but that's never
really interested in me either although
I've always been an intelligent guy I've
always done well academically it never
would interested me and then I see
people climb Mount Everest where jump
off buildings or do base jumping or the
guy who jumped from space people think
what's he doing he's crazy I understand
because some people can live normal life
some people cannot just function nine to
five office jobs get drunk at the
weekends that is not for some
individuals and it's not for me so I
have to find something which keeps me
physically tired enough to stop me going
AWOL
um and mentally tired enough and I've
chosen fighting because without this
when I'm not in training I wake up every
day and think okay what do I do today
it's 9 A.M on a Tuesday I'm bored
everyone's at work I'm bored and I'll
end up doing something crazy I'll either
end up drunk or on the Eurostar or you
know it's just it's just a random
lifestyle because I'm constantly looking
for never-ending entertainment and it
doesn't exist I think the only thing
that could stop me fighting was if I had
enough money to constantly entertain
myself unless I'm a billionaire I need
something that keeps me focused and
keeps me occupied in life with fighting
I have to twice a day and I have to
train hard and the stress can the stress
it brings in every aspect can replace
fun and my mind is occupied it occupies
me it's on the way I can try and explain
it it occupies me and I could never stop
doing this even if I lost 100 fights
because I'm not built to live a normal
existence I can't do it I couldn't just
have a kid with some girl and sit at
home and work a little bit and relax
I've never relaxed my entire life I
don't know what relaxing is it's just
not me.
I was a four-time kickboxing world
champion for 12 years I trained five
hours a day six days a week and I was
motivated to train probably about 25 of
the time the rest of the time I went
because I am disciplined you don't feel
like going through that on a
Wednesday morning when you wake up and
you have to do it because you're
disciplined you're either a disciplined
individual or you are not a discipline
there's there's a difference between
want and want and I say this all the
time people say to me I want to be rich
and I say okay well I want to be able to
ice skate but I don't want to be able to
ice skate enough to go learn how to ice
skate because I can't be bothered I mean
surely if I could click my fingers and
be a figure skater I'd click my fingers
who wouldn't but I don't want to
actually go train is this because it's I
don't I don't want it enough and this is
the exact point with money everyone
wants money put on their lap if you
truly wanted money you wouldn't be able
to sleep until you had it and
this is the point because when I had
nothing I couldn't be distracted you
couldn't distract me from what I wanted
that's who I am if I want something I'm
going to get it I I do not need to be
motivated I'm a disciplined person if I
allocate x amount of time to work I'm
gonna do it but that is the bottom line
answer it's discipline you're gonna have
to work when you don't feel like working
that's how it's going to have to be or
you're never going to be eating
one of the only things in this world you
can control is your state of mind you
can't control the weather you can't
control other people you can't even
control your health you might get a
brain hemorrhage you might get hit by a
bus one of the very few things in the
world you have genuine control over is
your state of mind you decide if you're
a disciplined person you decide if
you're a happy person you decide if
you're a depressed person these are
things that in real time you can affect
in your brain this is all you can
control on Earth if you can't control
that then you're just a feather in the
wind and life's gonna blow you around if
you might land somewhere good you might
land in dog nobody knows the state
of mind is what you want to control if
you can't wake up and say today I'm
making some money and actually try your
very very best and actually stay
dedicated to that task if you can't do
that
every man understands you shouldn't be
complaining about things you cannot
change you have to play the cards your
belt to be born a certain height and
then to sit there and go what do I do
I'll tell you what you do you become the
best version of yourself just like
everyone else does nothing about the
hype is in and of itself enough value
for you to be a valuable man as a man
you build your value you are born with
the cards you're dealt sure it'd be
ideal look I'd love to be seven foot
tall I'm not so it's the same argument
if you're five foot two you need to
become rich strong and funny and
charismatic and interesting and witty if
you're six foot four you need to become
rich strong well connected it's the same
game so to sit there and complain about
it is asinine
all of you have a hand for this I don't
think you understand that you could have
been in a car crash at four years old
and lost your legs if you have any
understanding of how lucky you have been
this is pure luck there's no re there's
only luck has kept you fully able-bodied
sitting there capable of learning and
listening and becoming something
I don't really need to be that tall
toss in the room people give a fix
that frame in your mind you are viewing
yourself as a short man stop it walk the
up and be the man
foreign
you talk a lot about purpose why we are
created as humans and why we're here
like what is the purpose of life why
have we been given life I think we're
here to struggle and to learn
I don't think we're here to be happy
that's why when we keep going back to
the Happy argument I've always found
that kind of frustrating and annoying
and someone goes oh but I want to be
happy why
why do you want to sit there and laugh
like like you were happy your entire
childhood that's your happy days you're
allowed to be happy as a kid it's all
over now right you're a man you have
responsibilities I think we're here to
do important things and important things
are going to be difficult and they're
going to be hard and you're going to get
frustrated but that's what gives you
purpose I think we're here to struggle I
think we're here to endure pain I think
we're here to just see how hard we are
to kill I think that going through
terrible things and living through them
and and coming out the other side is one
of the most fantastic things about being
human I think that it's it's almost like
once you understand what life is really
about there's no emotion which isn't
enjoyable
the only emotional state which can be
seen as detrimental is feeling nothing
at all but if you're seeing a home and
you're feeling truly heartbroken at
least you're feeling something right and
I think that's the whole part of Being
Human
I I think we're here to struggle I think
we're here to go through pain I wake up
each day and go what can I attack what
problem can I solve
and and look at history why did Genghis
Khan wake up and want to conquer the
whole world why did Napoleon conquer the
world why did Alexander the Great
conquest of the smell just wake up and
just say give me this give me I want all
of it there's an army there they're
really big we're better it's intrinsic
you need to go and Conquer that's that's
the purpose of life do you believe that
God created us so why did God create us
to struggle because if you don't
struggle you don't learn God created us
to learn and understand ourselves and
understand other people and understand
the world and what did I say earlier I
said that you don't learn a lesson
without pain so you have to struggle to
learn anything
there's only two ways to learn things
the hard way or the harder way if you're
smart you can learn the hard way but in
my experience 99 of the plan to only
learn the hardest possible way if you
want to feel happy inside for yourself
and you want to feel content and you
want to feel stable inside of yourself
you need to live true to God and I'm not
saying you can't drink a little bit of
alcohol or not part you're not have a
little bit of fun but you have to be a
good person
I don't believe in the societal
paradigms
in which they have tried to construct
this idea of happiness I don't believe
or subscribe to the way that happy and
sad is currently understood by the
masses of the population I think if you
are anything
less than absolutely distraught you are
happy you're a version of Happy it's
like saying gray is a version of black
right no matter how light the gray is
you can still call it a version of black
and unless you've gone through an event
which hopefully doesn't happen too often
like the passing of a family member or
something that's truly destructive and
detrimental to your mindset besides
these events which hopefully only happen
a few times in your life you should be
happy if you're not crying or
paralyzed in silence
due to the
absolute magnitude of a detrimental
circumstance or the absolute magnitude
of a negative event then you are a
version of Happy so I am always happy is
the short answer I don't believe in not
being happy I don't believe in not
saying to myself I'm happy I'm always a
version of Happy and this chasing this
idea of chasing happiness and always
being concerned and preoccupied with how
happy you are is actually the biggest
mistake that a lot of people make I
think in the world today especially men
who wake up and go oh I don't really
feel happy so I need to get happier and
that's how they end up
down a hedonistic path of drugs or
alcohol or gambling chasing pleasure I
don't care how I feel I don't care if I
feel happy or sad it doesn't really
affect what I do each day I do the exact
same things I act the exact same way
I don't care
I don't put weight to the significance
of the emotion so I always consider
myself a happy person but if I woke up
and I was slightly less happy one day
than another it wouldn't affect anything
I do and I wouldn't put any relevance to
it I'm human and that's life
so yeah am I any happier now that I have
hundreds of millions of dollars than
before I was broke
not really but I was never unhappy I'm
I'm the same state that I was then that
I am now I have work to do and I will do
it it's
well also there's no light without dark
and there's no joy without pain
you can't have a rainbow without little
rain
no matter how hard you chase pleasure
and happiness there's going to be dips
and troughs in between there's gonna be
come downs and downtrends and you're
going to have the juxtaposition between
that time you were laughing your head
off and acting Giddish like a child and
the time that you feel depressed as such
and I think it's much better to just
adopt a very disciplined stoic mindset
I'm always the same base level of happy
regardless if I lost all of my money
today I would be the same happy if my
net worth quadrupled I'd be the same
happiness but as long as I'm alive and
the people I I care about and love are
alive and as long as I get as long as
God gives me the honor of doing my
duties and providing for the people I
care about as long as I get to wake up
and know that there's a whole bunch of
people in the world who need me and I
get to work hard to please them and do
good for society and good for the world
then then I'm a vessel of God and I am
happy I'm happy enough to survive that's
all I look at it as I don't ever
consider how do I
cross my mind I have things to do I'm
too busy I have things to do every
single day I have very important things
to do and how I feel really is not going
to affect how I complete those tasks
motivation isn't real everyone says this
motivation is not real discipline's real
I do not feel like training but I still
train because I'm a disciplined
individual you don't get to go through
life only doing the things you feel like
doing so this is down to you my friend
and listen you may be Phil fired up for
10 minutes after this little talk but
you're not going to feel fired up
forever you need to put systems in place
you need to get disciplined you need to
get a atmosphere of people around you
who are going to keep you accountable
and not make it easy for you to continue
to be a nobody and then you're gonna fix
your life otherwise you're gonna stay
nobody
you're tired you don't want to work you
want to go to sleep or just relax you do
it anyway that is the most basic
imperative of the masculine frame which
has been destroyed in real time they are
trying to convince you that you should
act how you feel you should show more of
your feelings if you feel this way you
should show it if you want to cry cry
what I'm saying is the reason they're
trying to bring out emotionality in you
is because of exactly what Myron said
most of the time you don't feel like
doing the things you're supposed to do
but the true masculine frame throughout
history was doing the things they didn't
want to do but they knew they had to do
because they had honor and Duty that's
what honor and duty means do you think
the men on the Titanic wanted to stay on
the Titanic no we're men we have
to stay we're scared but we must it's
our duty to let the women and children
on the lifeboats this is masculine Duty
a good man controls himself
I have absolute self-control emotional
control is absolutely and utterly
important as a man I'm saying that you
need to understand as a man there are
certain principles under which you act
regardless of how you feel I can wake up
in a terrible mood I can wake up sad I
can ache I can have a busy day stressed
Etc I will complete the same tasks as if
I woke up in a fantastic mood
do the same things
how I feel has no bearing on the things
I'm going to do with my day because I
have duty to myself and to my bloodline
because you think there's something
wrong with you you go I don't I lack
motivation I don't have the motivation
to go to the gym well here's the news
flash neither did I and I still did it
so now what you're gonna say
now you have no excuse right oh you're
scared to get in the ring so was I still
did it scared to get the cage so was I I
still did it being a man isn't about not
feeling things it's about acting the way
you're supposed to act irregardless of
how you feel we Act
We're Men of action
we're done so the world got built all of
it all the men who built the skyscrapers
felt scared they did it anyway you'd
become a man of action stop worrying
about how you feel and start worrying
about what you're supposed to be doing
how about that I've I've always been
disciplined with myself because I've
always lived a discipline life
I lived in a disciplined household like
there was no such thing as I don't want
to so even now if I wake up and I don't
want to do something
I don't need someone to tell me to do it
because I'll do it anyway
I mean who wants to run a marathon
nobody who wants to do that you just do
it don't you because you know it's
something you're gonna have to do and
you have to Blood Sweat tears there is a
version of the world where you can feel
things and really not give a how
you feel like I I can I if I feel sad it
does not change how I act and it does
not change the things I do if I don't
feel like going to the gym I go to the
gym I don't feel like working I will
still work
business
to run so where's the importance of it
it's in my mind that's how I view it
like how does that affect what I'm gonna
do well nothing it doesn't
motivation in and of itself is a scam I
don't believe in motivation I believe in
this
I am not motivated to do the things I'm
supposed to do I don't wake up full of
like Joy I have to go to the gym whether
I have to work or not do crap I don't
feel motivated to do them I'm
disciplined I do them regardless of how
I feel whether I'm in the mood to do it
or I'm not in the mood to do it it gets
done that's just discipline's a real
thing motivation is fleeting you're
never going to be permanently motivated
you're the kind of person who can only
try hard at something he enjoys then
you're gonna fail if you truly want to
win you can't only want to win when
you're happy and you can't only want to
win
you're competing against men like me who
will perform even when it is raining not
only when the sun is shining if you're
gonna be the kind of person who can only
do it in one of those scenarios you are
going to lose you must be prepared to
perform all of the time I have a lot of
people who message me and say oh I
struggle with motivation and my answer
is simple then say a loser if you can't
find the motivation to not be a loser
then I strongly recommend you just stay
a loser stay in your lane and stay out
of my way I have no time for people who
cannot find the motivation to fix
themselves and fix their own lives I've
been the kind of person who will perform
seven days a week doesn't matter how I
feel doesn't matter what's happened
doesn't matter if I'm happy or sad
things must be done and this is the
mindset you need to adopt if you want to
be a winner I think a man should have
absolutely no interest in whether he's
actually happy or not if I wake up and
I'm unhappy I will do the exact same
things as if I am happy I will go to the
gym the same I will work the same how I
feel has no impact on how I live my life
I don't think happiness as an index is a
healthy view for a man to have on life
success if you're waking up and going am
I happy am I not you're looking at life
wrong I think of a man if you put
happiness far if you move it down the
scale right and you start looking at am
I successful am I competent you know am
I achieving things am I respected if you
start to look at these indicators of
your life you're going to end up being
happier without actually analyzing if
you're happy or not
perhaps just work some point to bite the
bullet and just work working harder is
Never Gonna not help No Matter What
scenario you're in working harder is
never going to not help you and it it's
amazing that I give different versions
of the same answer for 99 of the
questions I'm asked work harder if you
have a problem whether you're broke or
they're out of shape or your friend dies
and your girl leaves you if you're
depressed whatever it is working harder
is almost always the answer so you know
what you need to do you need to do it
and what's amazing again is kind of like
the antidote if you take the antidote
before the poison then you never get
sick in the first place if you're always
working as hard as possible you're
always working your and trying
to be the best version of yourself every
single day then you never get sick in
the first place you're already working
you're already taking the antidote so
things can't get okay attached to you
they can't get hold of you working hard
is the antidotes everything so why don't
you just do it in advance want to use
your life just become work like mine why
don't you just dedicate yourself to a
cause and get up and do what you're
supposed to do every single day I can't
stand quitters so if you're the kind of
person who's gonna quit because
it's I don't even want your energy
my life is Testament to the fact that I
don't quit I didn't quit so that's the
difference when it was hard I did it
anyway that's who I've always been and
if you don't have that kind of tenacity
you're never going to be anything so
do not give up do not get tired I do not
quit that's what they want that's what
the enemy wants from me they want to try
and win a war of attrition they want to
wear me down and hope I quit and give up
I am not that guy I'm not that guy I'm
the guy who keeps going and if you're
truly independable in life and
perspicacious that's my favorite saying
the one I say all the time unmatched
first picassee couple who sheer and
difficulty makes me a feared opponent in
any realm of human endeavor it's
absolutely and utterly true if you pay
attention to the things that are
happening around you you do not quit you
will be a dangerous opponent in any
realm of human endeavor it doesn't
matter what you're trying to do I'm a
man who lives true to God and says what
he means and means what he says and I
know the things I say are good for
society and good for the world I didn't
vote in magic spell anybody the reason
people listen to me is because they like
what I say and they know that I'm
telling the truth that's the reason I'm
here I'm going to continue to do that
and there's nothing anybody could do
about it.
